yea it's going on YouTube I thought do a
quick video of my lungs to you and show
you what I have and the setup die
currently I'm using but I've been
watching a lot of videos like the people
who have home studios and what they're
using and their setup currently it's
important to stress like others who have
done in their videos if you're starting
out for the first time the best way
really is to get a recording package
deal you can get them through guitar
center if you want to get the interface
software usually thrown mics in a boom
or if you want to go through musicians
friend I believe they have an apple deal
which is a mini Mac monitor Mike's the
whole deal user 5999 but it comes with
everything you need for a full studio
setup if you're not in the market for a
computer and you just want to add to
what you're using here's another option
that most of you would like it's a
little cheaper and it's interface unit
with headphones Mike and software but
the best option I can really say it's
shop around shop something for that
you're in need but please don't buy
everything independently if you're just
start now
so here's a quick picture of what my
studio looks like it's evolved
dramatically over the years but it's
kind of suits my needs what I'm using in
a course it's in the home home bedroom
like most of you guys but we're going to
look at next is a diagram however how I
have everything set up the biggest thing
I can say is keep it simple man kiss if
I need to disconnect if I need to move
my studio that's why I'm kind of looking
for in long and I used to use the pc to
record in the past I can switch over to
Mac this isn't my computer in particular
is a 2012 macbook pro I do like max
because you can basically use all the
iphones ipads together and to kind of
find new ways to explore the software
that using and for me the logic remote
app kind of expands on that and base
what i'm saying is that i don't need to
buy these USB many devices to control my
software as you can see it has endless
amounts of options for the user now on
to our monitors this one in particular
is M Audio bx5 and these these are
amazing monitors and for what I'm the
type of music I'm trying to record this
does exactly what I needed to do and the
best thing I can say is really shop
around you have to put some time into a
music store and compare different
monitors between the krk is yamaha's
Mackey's really find something that's
gonna fit your taste and what you're
going to record and along it don't buy
something because you think that's what
you need these are simple 3.5 millimeter
cables that go into TRS jacks
and on the back you're going to see that
these options for the monitors are great
you have two different options put music
or input sources into these and for me
the XLR and the TRS options were what I
was looking for and especially since our
PI emplid they are near field so you're
going to want to set them up just right
to get that triangle perfectly set up
but when you do they're gonna mean a
sweet spot but here's a quick picture
for those who don't know how to set that
up another piece of equipment i'm using
is a MXL 2008 that's what I'm talking
through right now I one up getting this
piece of equipment last year and it
completely changed my views on condenser
microphones and dramatically and
increased my performance through
recordings for me when I recorder
recording at using a box option this was
it for me I was looking for something I
could record with something I can
practice with and something that can use
on stage and even that I purchases back
in two thousand around 8i believe i'm
still using this piece of equipment
every day and just to show you how
versatile this is it's it's cut my
studio space down dramatically compared
to most people who are buying different
types of devices to use just to get
going my did come with software from
that i had kind of moved on since then
but the option for the same are endless
between amps effects pedals i can use my
my foot pedals it does come with an
onboard a track and it can bounce it to
16 you have xeler out you have
quarter-inch outs you have fan plug for
microphones you have a drum machine mp3
player I mean the options never end and
biggest thing I can stress for you is
for those who are watching is to find
something that you're not going to
outgrow find something that you can
you're at a research on that you're
going to use for years to come and they
can kind of use to build up and make a
better studio as you years progress and
that's the biggest advice I can say so I
appreciate for watching if you have any
questions if you have any concerns of
what you're doing if you want don't know
what the better option is please feel
free to message me make a comp below I
will reply to you guys and I appreciate
you guys watching if you're curious on
how i'm doing recording i'm doing a blog
it's me posting here soon but i do have
a independent artist site and it's right
there is reverbnation com forward slash
wild days